Install Jenkins locally

MAC:
Add local path to jenkins in .bash_profile

WIN:
Edit the config file and remove username and password if using windows

Install python 2.7 or higher

pip install -r requirements.txt

chmod +x manage.py

./manage.py syncdb
./manage.py migrate
./manage.py runserver

Check  /TestConsole3/Instructions for Test Console Setup (*).pdf  for installation related informatons.


FEATURES

Configurations:
	Add/delete a device
	Device list gets updated in configurations.
	Device list gets updated in revo view.

	Add/delete a testsuite
	testsuite list gets updated in configurations.
	testsuite list gets updated in revo view.

	Modify configs - check they are updated in the file revo_configs.txt
	They must get updated as placeholders in the view.
	Run a build in revo view.
	The build command in jenkins contains the new config values.

Reports:
	All the four graphs generated using values in the database.
	Change the date and check again the values in the graphs should honour the date changes.

Revo:
	All STB values are fetched from the databse.
	Click the refresh button 
		- all STB from the connected router are matched and if active are shown as green.

	Testsuite values are fetched from the database.

	Select multiple devices and testsuites combination and press run
		- We create/reconfig a jenkins project for every device (inside revo folder)
		- For every testsuite we create a build
		- Depending on the config it will run on the coressponding slave machine

	The list shows all the jobs
		- We can stop a job in Queue or in progress. (Others cannot be selected)
		- We can select multiple or all jobs in queue or in progress.
		- We can see the user name who initiated that build.
		- We can see console output of builds which suceeded failed or are in progress.
		- We can use the refresh button to refresh the list.

Others:
	The page auto refresh every 60 sec.
	The login/logout functionality should work
	Revo/Report page should not be visible wout login.